This presentation will be 7 minutes long and will be followed by the Funding Rate TAP presentation. This section is a part of the Tycho Community Call #3 and will be scheduled after the Eulerswap segment. Expect this presentation to start roughly 35 minutes into the call.
Goal: Show teams (market makers, protocol teams, token projects, researchers, arbitrageurs) how to quickly get started with this price stabilising bot using Tycho and motivate them to run it. Show that this is a very solid starting point to build CEX-DEX strategies. 
Content
(Slides will be added here as the speaking points are finalized.)
1. What is TAP5?
A bot that keeps the price of a pool within a user defined spread to the Binance price (or a user defined price source) by performing swaps
Rust based, entirely open source 
Easily modifiable parameters for each strategy 
Comes with a locally runnable UI to monitor your strategy
…

2. How does it work?
Add the architecture diagram and note down key steps/components here
LIVE DEMO

3. Who is it for?
New Market Makers: Teams experienced in market making off-chain (on centralised exchanges) use the showcase to learn what is different onchain (indexing, simulation, execution and tx monitoring), and use it as a starting point to market make onchain.
CEX/DEX Arbitrage Teams: CEX/DEX arbitrage teams that already execute against some exchanges (e.g. Uniswap v2 or v3) – use the showcase as an inspiration to add more exchanges and execution via Tycho to their bot.
Protocol Teams: Stablecoin, staking teams, other pegged tokens (e.g. RWAs), and new DEXs (on new chains) want to run a bot to guarantee token prices peg to an external price. They can use this showcase as a starting point to run their own bot, and to build a customised showcase for their community (to run bots).
Token Projects: Any team with a token wants to monitor depth (% depths), spread (at volume intervals), and peg to market rate (price v.s. market price chart) of the pools their token are in.
Researchers: Reaserchers who want to evaluate the practical total value of arbitrage opportunities on a token pair, given an external price feed.
Other Stat Trading Teams: Trading teams that use any technique to define a target value for a token (e.g. based on a pairs trading strategy) and want to identify the optimal trade given a specific price they value the asset at.
Teams with exclusive access to state: Backrunning RPCs, Blockbuilders, Sequencers/Validators, and other protocols with exclusive flow who want to optimally backrun state updates and move prices to a target price. (requires additional features that go beyond this TAP to apply additional statediffs to Tycho state).
Broader defi ecosystem: Showcase how a market maker operates through a visual, real-time, example – to make it easier to model, work with, judge and build with market makers in mind.

4. Next steps
Check out the early preview of repo here - 
Reach out if you want to test
Give feedback
Logistics
Add the repo link - 
GUI link - 
Docs link - 
Team TG handles - 
Team twitter handles - 

